[IMP] General: Google Oauth Docs edit (#3965)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general/auth/google.rst

> Google Sign-In Authentication

Reviewer: For this page I'm not sure how helpful the numbered list instructions are vs. paragraph form.
Not a block for the review, however maybe we can entertain restructuring at some point.

   .. image:: google/consent-selection.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Google oauth consent selection menu.

#. Choose one of the options **(Internal / External)**, and click on :guilabel:`Create`.

   .. image:: google/consent.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Choice of a user type in oauth consent.

   .. warning::
      Personal Gmail Accounts are only allowed to be :guilabel:`External` User Type, which means
      Google may require an approval, or for :guilabel:`Scopes` to be added on. Using a Google
      WorkSpace account allows for :guilabel:`Internal` User Type. It should also be noted, that
      while the API connection is in the :guilabel:`External` :guilabel:`Testing` mode, then no
      approval is necessary from Google. User limits in this :guilabel:`Testing` mode is set to 100
      users.

#. Fill out the required details and domain info, then click on :guilabel:`Save and Continue`.

> #. On the **Scopes** page, leave all fields as is, and click on :guilabel:`Save and Continue`.

Reviewer 2: lets italicize _Scopes_ instead of bold here

   .. image:: google/consent-selection.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Google OAuth consent selection menu.

#. Choose one of the options (:guilabel:`Internal` / :guilabel:`External`), and click on
   :guilabel:`Create`.

   .. image:: google/consent.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Choice of a user type in OAuth consent.

   .. warning::

>       Personal Gmail Accounts are only allowed to be *External* User Type, which means Google may
>       require an approval, or for *Scopes* to be added on. Using a Google WorkSpace account allows
>       for *Internal* User Type. It should also be noted, that while the API connection is in the
>       *External* testing mode, then no approval is necessary from Google. User limits in this
>       testing mode is set to 100 users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      *Personal* Gmail Accounts are only allowed to be **External** User Type, which means Google
      may require an approval, or for *Scopes* to be added on. However, using a *Google WorkSpace*
      account allows for **Internal** User Type to be used.

      Note, as well, that while the API connection is in the *External* testing mode, then no
      approval is necessary from Google. User limits in this testing mode is set to 100 users.
```

#. Fill out the required details and domain info, then click on :guilabel:`Save and Continue`.
#. On the :menuselection:`Scopes` page, leave all fields as is, and click on :guilabel:`Save and
   Continue`.
#. Next, if continuing in testing mode (*External*), add the email addresses being configured under
   the :guilabel:`Test users` step by clicking on :guilabel:`Add Users`, and then the
   :guilabel:`Save and Continue` button. A summary of the app registration appears.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   .. image:: google/credentials-button.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Credentials button menu.

#. Click on :guilabel:`Create Credentials`, and select :guilabel:`OAuth client ID`.

   .. image:: google/client-id.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Oauth client id selection.

> #. Select :guilabel:`Web Application` as the Application type. Now, configure the allowed pages on

Reviewer 2: lets :guilabel: _Application type_ here

   .. image:: google/credentials-button.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Credentials button menu.

#. Click on :guilabel:`Create Credentials`, and select :guilabel:`OAuth client ID`.

   .. image:: google/client-id.png
      :align: center
      :alt: OAuth client id selection.

#. Select :guilabel:`Web Application` as the :guilabel:`Application Type`. Now, configure the
   allowed pages on which Odoo will be redirected.

   In order to achieve this, in the :guilabel:`Authorized redirect URIs` field, enter the database's
   domain immediately followed by ``/auth_oauth/signin``. For example:
   ``https://mydomain.odoo.com/auth_oauth/signin``, then click on :guilabel:`Create`.

> #. Now the *OAuth client* has been created. A screen will appear with the :guilabel:`Client ID` and
>    :guilabel:`Client Secret`. Copy (or write down) the :guilabel:`Client ID`, as it will be
>    necessary for the configuration in Odoo, which will be covered in the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Now that the *OAuth client* has been created, a screen will appear with the :guilabel:`Client ID`
   and :guilabel:`Client Secret`. Copy the :guilabel:`Client ID` for later, as it will be necessary
   for the configuration in Odoo, which will be covered in the following steps.
```

Retrieve the Client ID
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Once the previous steps are complete, two keys are generated on the Google API Dashboard:
:guilabel:`Client ID` and :guilabel:`Client Secret`. Copy the :guilabel:`Client ID`.

.. image:: google/secret-ids.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Google OAuth Client ID generated.

.. _google-sign-in/odoo-activation:

Odoo activation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

#. Go to :menuselection:`Odoo General Settings --> Integrations` and activate :guilabel:`OAuth
   Authentication`.

   .. note::
      Odoo may prompt the user to log-in again after this step.

#. Go back to :menuselection:`General Settings --> Integrations --> OAuth Authentication`, activate
   the selection and :guilabel:`Save`. Next, return to :menuselection:`General Settings -->
   Integrations --> Google Authentication` and activate the selection. Then fill out the
   :guilabel:`Client ID` with the key from the Google API Dashboard, and :guilabel:`Save`.

   .. image:: google/odoo-client-id.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Filling out the client id in Odoo settings.

>    .. Note::
>      Google OAuth2 configuration can also be accessed by clicking on :guilabel:`OAuth Providers`
>      under the :guilabel:`OAuth Authentication` heading in :menuselection:`Integrations`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. note::
      Google OAuth2 configuration can also be accessed by clicking on :guilabel:`OAuth Providers`
      under the :guilabel:`OAuth Authentication` heading in :menuselection:`Integrations`.
```

.. _google-sign-in/log-in:

Log in to Odoo with Google
==========================

To link the Google account to the Odoo profile, click on :guilabel:`Log in with Google` when first
logging into Odoo.

   .. image:: google/first-login.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Reset password screen with "Log in with Google" button.

Existing users must :ref:`reset their password <users/reset-password>` to access the

> :menuselection:`reset password` page, while new users can directly click on :guilabel:`Log in with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:menuselection:`Reset Password` page, while new users can directly click on :guilabel:`Log in with
```
